TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game License 
Version 1.0, January 2024 
https://www.tig.foundation 

By exercising any right granted under this Licence, You irrevocably accept 
these terms and conditions. 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 

1. Definitions. 

"Benchmarking" shall mean the use of a Work, subject to the Innovation 
Game Terms and Conditions, to solve random instances of challenges 
published by TIG from time to time. 

"Innovation Game Terms and Conditions" shall mean the terms and conditions 
for the Innovation Game offered by TIG at the time of exercise of rights 
by You under this License, a copy of which can be obtained at 
https://www.tig.foundation/terms-and-conditions. 

"Licensable" shall mean having the right to grant, to the maximum extent 
possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently any, 
and all, of the rights conveyed by this License. 

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and 
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 7 of this document. 

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorised by the 
copyright owner to grant the license to the copyright in the Work in 
accordance with Section 2 of this License. 

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation 
or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled 
object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media 
types. 

"Patent Claims" of TIG shall mean any patent claim(s) in any TIG Patent, 
including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, 
Licensable by TIG that would necessarily be infringed, but for the grant 
of the License, by the making, using, selling, offering for sale, having 
made, import, or transfer of the Work alone or by combination of the Work 
with other software distributed by Licensor with the Work. 

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, 
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, 
and configuration files. 

"TIG" shall mean The TIG Foundation, a company registered in Germany with 
a registered office at Kurfurstendamm 15, 10719 Berlin, Deutschland. 

"TIG Patent" shall mean a patent, patent application, and all 
continuations, continuations in part, divisions, extensions, renewals, 
reissues, and re-examinations relating thereto, in any jurisdiction 
throughout the world owned or controlled by TIG. 

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object 
form, made available under this License, as indicated by the copyright 
notice that is included in or attached to the work [an example is provided 
in the Appendix 1 below]. 

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising 
permissions granted by this License. 
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
License, Licensor hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive, no 
charge, royalty-free, copyright license to use and reproduce the Work only 
for the purpose of Benchmarking. 

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
License, Licensor hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive, no
charge, royalty-free, license under Patent Claims of TIG to make, have 
made and use the Work only for the purposes of Benchmarking. 

NO MODIFICATION OF THE WORK BY YOU IS PERMITTED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS 
LICENSE. 

NO USE OF THE WORK BY YOU IS PERMITTED EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY LICENSED IN 
SECTIONS 2 AND 3 ABOVE. 

4. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade 
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except 
as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of 
the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file. 

5. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to 
in writing, Licensor provides the Work on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, 
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You 
are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or 
redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise 
of permissions under this License. 

6. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether 
in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by 
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed 
to in writing, shall TIG or Licensor be liable to You for damages, 
including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential 
damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the 
use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for 
loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any 
and all other commercial damages or losses), even if TIG or Licensor, as 
the case may be, has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

7. Termination. The rights granted under this License will terminate 
automatically if You fail to comply with any of its terms. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

APPENDIX 1: The TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game License. 

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] 

Licensed under the TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game License v1.0 (the 
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the 
License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 

https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations 
under the License. 