TIG Commercial License 
Version 1.0, January 2024 
https://www.tig.foundation 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTRIBUTIONS, USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 

1. Definitions. 

"Derivative Work" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, 
that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial 
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a 
whole, an original work of authorship. 

"Licensable" shall mean having the right to grant, to the maximum extent 
possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently any, and 
all, of the rights conveyed by this License. 

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and 
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document. 

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorised by the 
copyright owner to grant the license to the copyright in the Work in 
accordance with Section 2 of this License. 

"Licensee" shall mean [Name and address of Entity] 

"Licensee Product" shall mean a product made by or for Licensee which 
incorporates the Work or any Derivative Work and a processing unit on which 
the Work is executed together with significant additional features and 
functionality contributed by Licensee. 

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation 
or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled 
object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types. 
"Patent Claims" of TIG shall mean any patent claim(s), including without 
limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable 
by TIG that would necessarily be infringed, but for the grant of the 
License, by the making, using, selling, offering for sale, having made, 
import, or transfer of a Work and any Derivative Works alone or by 
combination of the Work or Derivative Work with other software provided by 
TIG to Licensee. 

"Rate Card" shall mean the schedule for license fees published by TIG from 
time to time. 

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, 
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and 
configuration files. 

"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the date of execution of the 
License by Licensee and ending twelve (12) months thereafter. 

"TIG" shall mean The TIG Foundation, a limited company registered in Germany 
with a registered office at Kurfurstendamm 15, 10719 Berlin, Deutschland. 

"TIG Inbound Game License" shall mean the TIG Inbound Game License v1.0 and 
later versions a copy of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig
foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"TIG Commercial Licensee" shall mean an entity that has a subsisting TIG 
Commercial License. An entity shall only be a TIG Commercial Licensee for as 
long as the TIG Commercial License subsists. 

"TIG Commercial License" shall mean the TIG Commercial License v1.0 and 
later versions a copy of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig
foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"TIG Open Data License" shall mean the TIG Open Data License v1.0 and later 
versions a copy of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig
foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, 
made available under this License. 

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to payment of the relevant fee 
determined in accordance with the Rate Card, and the terms and conditions of 
this License, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee for the Term, a revocable, 
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, copyright license: 
Internal Use 

(i) To use, reproduce and modify the Work to prepare Derivative Works; 

(ii) To use the Work and Derivative Works for processing Licensee’s own data 
for any purpose; 
Distribution to TIG 

(iii) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Source or Object form, 
to TIG under the terms of the TIG Inbound Game License; 
Distribution to Third Parties 

(iv) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Source or Object form, 
to any third party under the TIG Open Data License; 
Distribution in Product 

(v) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Object form only, under 
Licensee’s own license terms solely for execution on a Licensee Product; 
Distribution to TIG Commercial Licensees 

(vi) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Source or Object form, 
to a third party that is  subsisting TIG Commercial Licensee for the term of 
that subsisting license and subject to the terms of that TIG Commercial 
License; and 

Provision of SAAS 
(vii) To use the Work and Derivative Works for processing third party data 
provided to Licensee by any TIG Commercial Licensee interacting with 
Licensee remotely through a computer network. 

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to payment of the relevant fee 
determined in accordance with the Rate Card and the terms and conditions of 
this License, TIG hereby grants to Licensee for the Term, a revocable, 
worldwide, non-exclusive, license under the Patent Claims of TIG: 
Internal Use 

(i) To use, reproduce and modify the Work to prepare Derivative Works; 

(ii) To use the Work and Derivative Works for processing Licensee’s own data 
for any purpose; 

Distribution to TIG 

(iii) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works in Source or Object form 
to TIG under the terms of the TIG Inbound Game License; 

Distribution to Third Parties 

(iv) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Source or Object form, 
to any third party under the TIG Open Data License; 
Distribution in Product 

(v) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Object form only, under 
Licensee’s own license terms solely for execution on a Licensee Product; 
Distribution to TIG Commercial Licensees 

(vi) To distribute the Work and Derivative Works, in Source or Object form, 
to a third party that is a subsisting TIG Commercial Licensee for the term 
of that subsisting license and subject to the terms of that TIG Commercial 
License; and 

Provision of SAAS 

(vii) To use the Work and Derivative Works for processing third party data 
provided to Licensee by any TIG Commercial Licensee interacting with 
Licensee remotely through a computer network. 

4. Patent Non-Assert. If Licensee institutes patent litigation against any 
entity (except by way of counterclaim in a lawsuit brought against Licensee 
by the relevant entity) alleging that use of the Work by that entity under 
and in accordance with the terms of the TIG Open Data License constitutes 
direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted 
to Licensee under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date 
such litigation is filed. 

5. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade 
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except 
as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the 
Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file. 

6. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in 
writing, Licensor provides the Work on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES 
OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without 
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

7. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether 
in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by 
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to 
in writing, shall TIG or Licensor be liable to Licensee for damages, 
including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential 
damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the 
use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for 
loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and 
all other commercial damages or losses), even if TIG or Licensor, as the 
case may be, has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

8. Assignment. Licensee may not assign or otherwise transfer this License 
and its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, by operation 
of law or otherwise, without the written consent of TIG. In the case of any 
permitted assignment or transfer of or under this License, this Licensee or 
the relevant provisions shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, 
the successors, executors, heirs, representatives, administrators and 
assigns of the parties hereto. 

9. Term and Termination. Except as provided below, this License shall 
continue in force for the Term unless terminated earlier in accordance with 
the provisions of this Section 8. Without prejudice to any other rights, TIG 
may terminate this License at any time if Licensee fails to comply with any 
of the terms of the License. Upon termination of this License, the license 
granted hereunder will terminate and Licensee must stop all use of the Work 
and Licensee must delete all copies of Work. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 


Executed by TIG 


Executed by Licensee 