TIG Inbound Game License 
Version 1.0, January 2024 
https://www.tig.foundation 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 

1. Definitions. 

"Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent 
possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently any, 
and all, of the rights conveyed by this License. 

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and 
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document. 

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or, person or entity authorised 
by the copyright owner to grant the license to the copyright in the Work 
in accordance with Section 2 of this License. 

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation 
or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled 
object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media 
types. 

"Patent Claims" of a Submitter means any patent claim(s), including 
without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent 
Licensable by such Submitter that would necessarily be infringed, but for 
the grant of the License, by the making, using, selling, offering for 
sale, having made, import, or transfer of the Work alone or by combination 
of the Work with other software submitted to TIG by Submitter with the 
Work. 

"Permissive License" shall mean any license agreement which is compatible 
with the terms of all of; (i) the TIG Game Outbound License; (ii) the TIG 
Open Data License; and (iii) the TIG Commercial License. [examples include 
MIT, BSD and Apache software licenses]. A license shall be compatible with 
another license if code licensed under the original license can be merged 
with code licensed under the new license whilst still complying with the 
terms of the original license. 

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, 
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, 
and configuration files. 

"Submitter" shall mean the person or entity that submits the Work to TIG 
in accordance with the TIG Game Rules. 

"TIG" shall mean The TIG Foundation, a company registered in 
Germany with a registered office at Kurfurstendamm 15, 10719 
Berlin, Deutschland. 

"TIG Game Round" means the number of blocks specified for each round of 
the innovation game as specified in the TIG Game Rules. 

"TIG Game Rules" shall mean the rules published from time to time at 
https://www.tig.foundation/game-rules. 

"TIG Innovator Outbound Game License" shall mean the TIG Innovator 
Outbound Game License v1.0 and later versions copies of which can be 
obtained at https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig
monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game License" shall mean the TIG Benchmarker 
Outbound Game License v1.0 and later versions copies of which can be 
obtained at https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig
monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses.  

"TIG Open Data License" shall mean the TIG Open Data License v1.0 and 
later versions copies of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig
foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"TIG Commercial License" shall mean the TIG Commercial License v1.0 and 
later versions copies of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig
foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object 
form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice 
that is included in or attached to the work [an example is provided in the 
Appendix 1 below]. 

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
License, Licensor hereby grants to TIG a perpetual, worldwide, non
exclusive, no charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to 
reproduce, sublicense, and distribute the Work in Source or Object form 
under the terms of any, or all of; (i) the TIG Innovator Outbound Game 
License; (ii) the TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game License; (iii) the TIG 
Open Data License; and (iv) the TIG Commercial License. 

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
License, Submitter hereby grants to TIG a perpetual, worldwide, non
exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license to make, 
have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the 
Work in Source or Object form. 

4. Submitter Representations. Submitter represents that Submitter is 
legally entitled to grant the above licenses. 

Submitter represents that any code which is submitted to TIG which is a 
work of authorship in which the copyright is owned by Submitter, will be 
submitted to TIG under the terms of this License. 

Submitter represents that any code which is submitted with the Work to TIG 
which is not a work of authorship in which the copyright is owned by 
Submitter, and which is submitted under a separate license from this 
License, will be under the terms of a Permissive License only. 

Submitter represents that any code which is incorporated into the Work 
which is not a work of authorship in which the copyright is owned by 
Submitter, and which is submitted to TIG under this License was licensed 
to Submitter under the terms of a Permissive License which permits 
relicensing under the terms of this License. 

5. Submitter Licensing Undertaking. At the same time, that Submitter 
submits a Work to TIG under the License, Submitter shall also submit that 
Work to TIG under the terms of the TIG Open Data License [See Appendix 2 
below for how to apply the TIG Open Data License to your work]. 

6. TIG Licensing Undertaking. In consideration of the submission of the 
Work to TIG under this License by Submitter, TIG shall publish and make 
each Work submitted to TIG by a Submitter available under the TIG 
Innovator Outbound Game License and the TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game 
License at the start of, but no sooner than, the Game Round after the next 
two (2) complete Game Rounds following the Game Round in which the Work 
was submitted by Submitter to TIG. At the same time as TIG publishes and 
makes the Work available under the TIG Innovator Outbound Game License and 
the TIG Benchmarker Outbound Game License, TIG shall also publish and make 
the Work available under the terms of the TIG Open Data License and the 
TIG Commercial License. 

7. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade 
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except 
as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of 
the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file. 

8. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to 
in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its 
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF 
ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any 
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

9. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether 
in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by 
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed 
to in writing, shall Licensor or Submitter be liable to Licensee for 
damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or 
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License 
or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited 
to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or 
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if 
Licensee or Submitter, as the case may be, has been advised of the 
possibility of such damages. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

APPENDIX 1: How to apply the TIG Inbound Game License to your work. 

To apply the TIG Inbound Game License to your work, attach the following 
boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"replaced with 
your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text 
should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. 
We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be 
included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier 
identification within third-party archives. 

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] 

Licensed under the TIG Inbound Game License v1.0 or (at your option) any 
later version (the "License"); you may not use this file except in 
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 

https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations 
under the License. 

APPENDIX 2: How to apply the TIG Open Data License to your work. 

To apply the TIG Open Data License to your work, attach the following 
boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"replaced with 
your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text 
should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. 
We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be 
included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier 
identification within third-party archives. 

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] 

Licensed under the TIG Open Data License v1.0 or (at your option) any 
later version (the "License"); you may not use this file except in 
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 

https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations 
under the License. 