TIG Innovator Outbound Game License 
Version 1.0, January 2024 
https://www.tig.foundation 

By exercising any right granted under this Licence, You irrevocably accept 
these terms and conditions. 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 

1. Definitions. 

"Derivative Work" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, 
that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial 
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as 
a whole, an original work of authorship. 

"Licensable" shall mean having the right to grant, to the maximum extent 
possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently any, 
and all, of the rights conveyed by this License. 

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and 
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 7 of this document. 

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorised by the 
copyright owner to grant the license to the copyright in the Work in 
accordance with Section 2 of this License. 

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation 
or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled 
object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media 
types. 

"Patent Claims" of TIG shall mean any patent claim(s) in any TIG Patent, 
including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, 
Licensable by TIG that would necessarily be infringed, but for the grant 
of the License, by the making, using, selling, offering for sale, having 
made, import, or transfer of the Work alone or by combination of the Work 
with other software distributed by TIG with the Work. 

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, 
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, 
and configuration files. 

"TIG" shall mean The TIG Foundation, a company registered in Germany with 
a registered office at Kurfurstendamm 15, 10719 Berlin, Deutschland. 

"TIG Patent" shall mean a patent, patent application, and all 
continuations, continuations in part, divisions, extensions, renewals, 
reissues, and re-examinations relating thereto, in any jurisdiction 
throughout the world owned or controlled by TIG. 

"TIG Inbound Game License" shall mean the TIG Inbound Game License offered 
by TIG at the time of exercise of rights by You under this License, a copy 
of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig
monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"TIG Open Data License" shall mean the TIG Open Data License v1.0 and 
later versions copies of which can be obtained at https://github.com/tig
foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object 
form, made available under the License, as indicated by the copyright 
notice that is included in or attached to the work [an example is provided 
in the Appendix 1 below]. 

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising 
permissions granted by this License. 

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
License, Licensor hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive, no 
charge, royalty-free, copyright license; (i) to use, reproduce and modify 
the Work only for the purposes of preparing Derivative Works for 
sublicensing, and distribution in accordance with 2(ii) of this license; 
and (ii) to sublicense and distribute the Work and Derivative Works in 
Source or Object form only under and subject to the terms of each of; (a) 
the TIG Inbound Game License [See Appendix 2 below for how to apply the 
TIG Inbound Game License to your work]; and (b) the TIG Open Data License 
[See Appendix 3 below for how to apply the TIG Open Data License to your 
work]. 

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
License, Licensor hereby grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive, no
charge, royalty-free, license under Patent Claims of TIG; (i) to make, 
have made and use and modify the Work only for the purposes of preparing 
Derivative Works to offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer in 
accordance with 2(ii) of this license; and (ii) to offer to sell, sell, 
import, and otherwise transfer the Work and such Derivative Works in 
Source or Object form only under and subject to the terms of each of; (a) 
the TIG Inbound Game License; and (b) the TIG Open Data License. 

NO USE OF THE WORK OR ANY DERIVATIVE WORKS BY YOU IS PERMITTED EXCEPT AS 
EXPRESSLY LICENSED IN SECTIONS 2 AND 3 ABOVE. 

4. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade 
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except 
as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of 
the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file. 

5. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to 
in writing, Licensor provides the Work on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, 
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You 
are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or 
redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise 
of permissions under this License. 

6. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether 
in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by 
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed 
to in writing, shall TIG or Licensor be liable to You for damages, 
including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential 
damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the 
use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for 
loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any 
and all other commercial damages or losses), even if TIG or Licensor, as 
the case may be, has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

7. Termination. The rights granted under this License will terminate 
automatically if You fail to comply with any of its terms. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

APPENDIX 1: The TIG Innovator Outbound Game License. 

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] 

Licensed under the TIG Innovator Outbound Game License v1.0 (the 
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the 
License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 

https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations 
under the License. 

APPENDIX 2: How to apply the TIG Inbound Game License to your work. 

To apply the TIG Inbound Game License to your work, attach the following 
boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"replaced with 
your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text 
should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. 
We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be 
included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier 
identification within third-party archives. 

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] 

Licensed under the TIG Inbound Game License v1.0 or (at your option) any 
later version (the "License"); you may not use this file except in 
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 

https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations 
under the License. 

APPENDIX 3: How to apply the TIG Open Data License to your work. 

To apply the TIG Open Data License to your work, attach the following 
boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"replaced with 
your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text 
should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. 
We also recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be 
included on the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier 
identification within third-party archives. 

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] 

Licensed under the TIG Open Data License v1.0 or (at your option) any 
later version (the "License"); you may not use this file except in 
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 

https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations 
under the License. 