TIG Open Data License 
Version 1.3, May 2024 
https://www.tig.foundation 

By exercising any right granted under this Licence, You irrevocably accept 
these terms and conditions. 

1. Definitions 

1.1. "Anonymised Version" means a version of a data set that does not 
retain any personally identifiable information ("PII"). 

1.2. "Contributor" means each individual or legal entity that creates, 
contributes to the creation of, or owns Covered Software. 

1.3. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Contributions of 
others (if any) used by a Contributor and that, particular 
Contributor’s Contribution. 

1.4. "Contribution" means Covered Software of a particular Contributor. 

1.5. "Covered Software" means Source Code Form to which the initial 
Contributor has attached the notice in Exhibit A, the Executable 
Form of such Source Code Form, and Modifications of such Source 
Code Form, in each case including portions thereof. 

1.6. "Executable Form" means any form of the work other than Source Code 
Form. 

1.7. "Larger Work" means a work that combines Covered Software with other 
material, in a separate file or files, that is not Covered Software. 

1.8. "License" means this document. 

1.9. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent 
possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently 
any, and all, of the rights conveyed by this License. 

1.10. "Modifications" means any of the following: 

a. any file in Source Code Form that results from an addition 
to, deletion from, or modification of the contents of Covered 
Software; or 

b. any new file in Source Code Form that contains any Covered 
Software. 

1.11. "Output Data" means the data output from running Covered Software. 

1.12. "Patent Claims" of a Contributor means any patent claim(s), 
including without limitation, method, process, and apparatus 
claims, in any patent Licensable by such Contributor that would 
necessarily be infringed, but for the grant of the License, by the 
making, using, selling, offering for sale, having made, import, or 
transfer of either its Contributions or its Contributor Version. 

1.13. "Patent Claims" of TIG means any patent claim(s), including without 
limitation, method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent 
Licensable by TIG that would necessarily be infringed, but for the 
grant of the License, by the making, using, selling, offering for 
sale, having made, import, or transfer of Covered Software or 
Product. 

1.14. "Product" means Output Data and any service, device, component, 
work or physical object, whether in finished or intermediate form, 
arising from the use, application, or processing of Output Data. 

1.15. "Product Information" means with respect to a Product, the minimum 
information, in the preferred form for making modifications, 
regardless of its medium or how it is expressed, necessary to 
reproduce and make modifications to the Product, including but not 
limited to, the Covered Software, in Source Code Form, used to 
generate the Product, and any necessary installation and 
interfacing information for the Product. Product Information need 
not include information necessary to reproduce any component, 
provided that, You include sufficient information to enable a 
recipient to source and use the component to be able to reproduce 
the Product. Where the information includes PII which would at the 
time of any public disclosure breach any relevant privacy 
regulations then in force, the preferred form shall be an 
Anonymised Version of the information. If the format of the data 
is proprietary, it must also be made available in a format (if the 
proprietary tool can create it) which is viewable with a tool 
available to potential licensees and licensed under a licence 
approved by the Free Software Foundation or the Open Source 
Initiative. 

1.16. "Source Code Form" means the form of the work preferred for making 
modifications to the Covered Software. 

1.17. "TIG" means The TIG Foundation, a limited company registered in 
Germany with a registered office at Kurfurstendamm 15, 10719 Berlin, 
Deutschland. 

1.18. "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising 
rights under this License. For legal entities, "You" includes any 
entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control 
with You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the 
power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of 
such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of 
more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or 
beneficial ownership of such entity. 

2. License Grants and Conditions 

2.1. Copyright Grants 

Subject to the terms of this License, each Contributor hereby grants You 
a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license under intellectual 
property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by such 
Contributor: 

(i) to reproduce and use, its Contributions, either unmodified, 
with Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and 

(ii) to make available, modify, display, perform, distribute, and 
otherwise exploit its Contributions, either unmodified, with 
Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work. 

2.2. Patent Grants 

(i) Subject to the terms of this License, TIG hereby grants You 
a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license under 
Patent Claims of TIG to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have 
made, import, and otherwise transfer the Covered Software and 
Products. 

(ii) Subject to the terms of this License, each Contributor hereby 
grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license 
under Patent Claims of such Contributor to make, use, sell, 
offer for sale, have made, import, and otherwise transfer its 
Contributions or its Contributor Version. 

2.3. Effective Date 

The licenses granted in Section 2.2(i) with respect to any Patent Claims 
of TIG become effective on the date TIG first distributes the Covered 
Work. 

The licenses granted in Sections 2.1 and 2.2(ii) with respect to any 
Contribution or Contributor Version become effective for each 
Contribution or Contributor Version on the date the Contributor first 
distributes such Contribution or Contributor Version. 

2.4. Limitations on Grant Scope 

The licenses granted in this Section 2 are the only rights granted under 
this License. No additional rights or licenses will be implied from the 
distribution or licensing of Covered Software under this License. 

2.5. Representation 

Each Contributor represents that the Contributor believes its 
Contributions are its original creation(s) or that it has sufficient 
rights to grant the rights to its Contributions conveyed by this License. 

2.6. Fair Use 

This License is not intended to limit any rights You have under applicable 
copyright doctrines of fair use, fair dealing, or other equivalents. 

2.7. Conditions 

Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, and 3.4 are conditions of the licenses granted in 
Sections 2.1 and 2.2. 

3. Responsibilities 

3.1. Distribution of Source Form 

Share Alike: All distribution of Covered Software in Source Code Form, 
including any Modifications that You create or to which You contribute, 
must be under the terms of this License. You must inform recipients that 
the Source Code Form of the Covered Software is governed by the terms of 
this License, and how they can obtain a copy of this License. 

3.2. Distribution of Executable Form 

Availability of Source Code Form: If You distribute Covered Software in 
Executable Form then such Covered Software must also be made available in 
Source Code Form, subject to Section 3.1 above, and You must inform 
recipients of the Executable Form how they can obtain a copy of such 
Source Code Form by reasonable means in a timely manner, at a charge no 
more than the cost of distribution to the recipient. 

3.3. Distribution of a Larger Work 

You may create and distribute a Larger Work under terms of Your choice, 
provided that, You, also comply with the requirements of this License for 
the Covered Software. 

3.4. Provision of Product 

If You provide (whether by way of service, distribution or otherwise) 
Product the corresponding Product Information must also be made generally 
available, and You must publicly state how a third party can obtain a 
copy of such Product Information by reasonable means in a timely manner, 
at a charge no more than the cost of distribution to the recipient. 

3.5. Notices 

You may not remove or alter the substance of any license notices 
(including copyright notices, patent notices, disclaimers of warranty, or 
limitations of liability) contained within the Source Code Form of the 
Covered Software, except that You may alter any license notices to the 
extent required to remedy known factual inaccuracies. 

4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation 

If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this 
License with respect to some or all of, the Covered Software or Product 
Information due to statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: 
(a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; 
and (b) describe the limitations and the code or information they affect. 
Such description must be placed in a text file included with all 
distributions of the Covered Software under this License and any relevant 
Product Information. Except to the extent prohibited by statute or 
regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient 
of ordinary skill to be able to understand it. 

5. Termination 

The rights granted under this License will terminate automatically if You 
fail to comply with any of its terms. However, if You become compliant, 
then the rights granted under this License from TIG or a particular 
Contributor are reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until TIG or 
such Contributor explicitly and finally terminates Your grants, and (b) 
on an ongoing basis, if TIG or such Contributor fails to notify You of 
the non-compliance by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after You 
have come back into compliance. Moreover, Your grants, from TIG or a 
particular Contributor, are reinstated on an ongoing basis if TIG or such 
Contributor notifies You of the non-compliance by some reasonable means, 
this is the first time You have received notice of non-compliance with 
this License from TIG or such Contributor, and You become compliant prior 
to 30 days after Your receipt of the notice. 

6. Disclaimer of Warranty 

Covered Software is provided under this License and Product Information 
is provided pursuant to this License on an "as is" basis, without 
warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or statutory, 
including, without limitation, warranties that the Covered Software and 
Product Information, as the case may be, is free of defects, 
merchantable, fit for a particular purpose or non-infringing. The 
entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Covered Software 
and Product Information is with You. Should any Covered Software or 
Product Information prove defective in any respect, You (not TIG or any 
Contributor) assume the cost of any necessary servicing, repair, or 
correction. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part 
of this License. No use of Product Information, or use of any Covered 
Software is authorized under this License, except under this 
disclaimer. 

7. Limitation of Liability 

Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether tort 
(including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall TIG, any 
Contributor, or anyone who distributes Covered Software as permitted 
above, be liable to You for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, 
or consequential damages of any character including, without 
limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, 
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages 
or losses, even if such party shall have been informed of the 
possibility of such damages. This limitation of liability shall not 
apply to liability for death or personal injury resulting from such 
party’s negligence to the extent applicable law prohibits such 
limitation. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation 
of incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and 
limitation may not apply to You. 

8. Miscellaneous 

This License represents the complete agreement concerning the subject 
matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be 
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent 
necessary to make it enforceable. Any law or regulation which provides 
that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter 
shall not be used to construe this License against a Contributor or 
against TIG. 

Exhibit A - Source Code Form License Notice 

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the TIG Open Data License, 
v1.0. If a copy of the TIG Open data License v1.0 was not distributed 
with this file, You can obtain one at 
https://github.com/tig-foundation/tig-monorepo/tree/main/docs/licenses. 